for this recipe you need some
shea butter 5 g oily macerate
calendula 30 million olive 908
activates mineral water 26,54 mobility
zinc oxide 20 grams and
causse station 0.6 g
before anything else it is important to
disinfect all your equipment with
alcohol at 70.2 points
for all your recipes the balance of
precision is essential
please have two stainless steel container
two pans with a whip a fund of
cold of a small pot of cream and a
maryse in a container put the
shea butter put the materials to
e oil and olive m900
good
we
and
in another container
pour the mineral water placed both
containers in the bain-marie
when the oily phase has melted and that
the aqueous and quivering phase
remove from heat then add quickly
when zinc site with the aqueous phase and
stir vigorously to obtain a
homogeneous dough
m
coc
pour the oily phase into the mixture
got is mixed to feed
the bleached preparation has thickened
place their containers in a bottom
of cold water to speed up the
cooling and making
the emulsion without stopping whipping the
preparation
it is
when ammunition has taken added
conservative cause station and you do not have
more than put it in proves your
change cream for baby is ready
m
and
for this recipe you need some
shea butter 5 g oily macerate
calendula 30 million olive 908
milliliters of mineral water 26-24
milliliters zinc oxides 20
grams and causse station 0.6 g